Reorg readme (#134)
PrefectHQ/prefect-collection-template: {{cookiecutter.collection_name}}/README.md

pip install {{ cookiecutter.collection_name }}
```

A list of available blocks in `{{ cookiecutter.collection_name }}` and their setup instructions can be found [here](https://{{ cookiecutter.github_organization }}.github.io/{{ cookiecutter.collection_name }}/blocks-catalog).

Requires an installation of Python 3.7+.

We recommend using a Python virtual environment manager such as pipenv, conda or virtualenv.

These tasks are designed to work with Prefect 2.0. For more information about how to use Prefect, please refer to the [Prefect documentation](https://orion-docs.prefect.io/).

<!--- ### Saving credentials to block

Replace this with actual instructions on how to get API key or token.

1. Head over to 
2. Login to your SERVICE account
3. Click "+ Create new secret key"
4. Copy the generated API key
5. Create a short script, replacing the placeholders (or do so in the UI)

```python
from {{ cookiecutter.collection_slug }} import Block`
Block(api_key="API_KEY_PLACEHOLDER").save("BLOCK_NAME_PLACEHOLDER")
```

> Congrats! You can now easily load the saved block, which holds your OpenAI API key:

Author: ```suggestion
Congrats! You can now easily load the saved block, which holds your credentials:
```
